README.md, before:

# The Challenges of Theseus

A series of riddles that need be solved through terminal commands, designed to help people familiarize themselves with the command-line interface of GNU/Linux. The text of the riddles can be set to be in Basque or English.

## Installation

The Challenges of Theseus is designed to be easily installed on any Debian-based GNU/Linux system. The system requires **17GB** of free storage and is optimized to run securely within the AWS Free Tier.

To install, clone the repository, run `make set_up` (which, among other things, installs all required packages via apt), and then run either `make english` or `make basque`. You must execute these commands as root or as a sudoer, and you may be prompted for your password. After installation, you can ssh into the first challenge.

    sudo apt install -y make git
    git clone https://github.com/Peru-Riezu/The_Challenges_of_Theseus.git
    cd The_Challenges_of_Theseus
    make set_up
    make basque # or make english

The Challenges of Theseus will automatically reconfigure the SSHD and Nginx services, so make a copy of the previous configuration of these services if you want to preserve them.

### Important Note About `check_network_quota.bash`

We include a script named `check_network_quota.bash` that keeps track of outbound data usage on your system. If the total outbound data exceeds 100 GB on the main network interface in any given month, the script brings that interface down, preventing charges under the AWS free tier.

- Since The Challenges of Theseus always launches containers with `--network=host`, the `docker0` interface is not used. The script looks for another interface (such as `enp1s0`, `eth0`, etc.) to monitor.  
- If you have more than one such interface, make sure the script is monitoring the one that actually handles outbound traffic.  
- If the script disables the interface, you will lose the ability to ssh into the instance through that interface. If that was the only interface through which you could ssh,
you must then use the serial console to access the instance.  
- Debian is the only system where this script has been tested, so be sure to verify that it’s working as intended on other distributions.

## Usage

To ssh into the first challenge of the **Basque version**, you can use the following command:

    sshpass -p piraten_bizitza_hoberena_da ssh labirintoaren_erdigunea@your-host

And to ssh into the first challenge of the **English version**, you can use the following command:

    sshpass -p a_pirate_s_life_is_best ssh center_of_the_labyrinth@your-host


Replace `your-host` with the actual hostname or IP address (e.g., `localhost`, `192.168.122.157`).

Commit message:

done
wow, seems like I hace finished this project... its the first thing this big I finish that it is of use to other people, it does everything I wanted it to do at the beginning, It took me waaaay longer than expected, but darn I'm proud of this... so much work but I think it is a good work that people can enjoy, I feel extremelly proud.

README.md, after:

# The Challenges of Theseus

A series of riddles that need be solved through terminal commands, designed to help people familiarize themselves with the command-line interface of GNU/Linux. The text of the riddles can be set to be in Basque or English.

## Quick Start

You can start solving riddels instantly with the following commands:

- For the **Basque version**:
```bash
    sshpass -p piraten_bizitza_hoberena_da ssh labirintoaren_erdigunea@theseus.ecclesiad.net
```
- For the **English version**:
```bash
    sshpass -p a_pirate_s_life_is_best ssh center_of_the_labyrinth@english.theseus.ecclesiad.net
```

Keep in mind that depending on your geographical location and you internet connections stability, you might experience high latency using this method. To avoid this we recommend installing The Challenges of Theseus, in a local virtual machine.

## Installation

The Challenges of Theseus is designed to be easily installed on any Debian-based GNU/Linux system. The system requires **17GB** of free storage and is optimized to run securely within the AWS Free Tier.

To install, clone the repository, run `make set_up` (which, among other things, installs all required packages via apt), and then run either `make english` or `make basque`. You must execute these commands as root or as a sudoer, and you may be prompted for your password. After installation, you can ssh into the first challenge.

    sudo apt install -y make git
    git clone https://github.com/Peru-Riezu/The_Challenges_of_Theseus.git
    cd The_Challenges_of_Theseus
    make set_up
    make basque # or make english

The Challenges of Theseus will automatically reconfigure the SSHD and Nginx services, so make a copy of the previous configuration of these services if you want to preserve them.

### Important Note About `check_network_quota.bash`

We include a script named `check_network_quota.bash` that keeps track of outbound data usage on your system. If the total outbound data exceeds 100 GB on the main network interface in any given month, the script brings that interface down, preventing charges under the AWS free tier.

- Since The Challenges of Theseus always launches containers with `--network=host`, the `docker0` interface is not used. The script looks for another interface (such as `enp1s0`, `eth0`, etc.) to monitor.  
- If you have more than one such interface, make sure the script is monitoring the one that actually handles outbound traffic.  
- If the script disables the interface, you will lose the ability to ssh into the instance through that interface. If that was the only interface through which you could ssh,
you must then use the serial console to access the instance.  
- Debian is the only system where this script has been tested, so be sure to verify that it’s working as intended on other distributions.

## Usage

To ssh into the first challenge of the **Basque version**, you can use the following command:

    sshpass -p piraten_bizitza_hoberena_da ssh labirintoaren_erdigunea@your-host

And to ssh into the first challenge of the **English version**, you can use the following command:

    sshpass -p a_pirate_s_life_is_best ssh center_of_the_labyrinth@your-host


Replace `your-host` with the actual hostname or IP address (e.g., `localhost`, `192.168.122.157`).
